Time is so tight that I'm having trouble flying around the place. Anyways, I am going to go ahead and get you a coffee and talk about your life. I'm going to ask you a few questions so that I can get to the bottom of it. “So how have you been,” the Sheriff asks, “in light of all the lost and all the good that happened in our lives?” “Well, all I know is that I have seen you and treated everyone with love, compassion, care and kindness, and during my time there I decided I would go into hiding.” “So what did you do for love and good?” “I was a great veterinarian and I think I ever will be. I can always use someone that I can't trust to protect me.”  “Well, I might not be a veterinarian, but I am a very good therapist. I can always work out my own way.” I replied.  “So, what do you want to be called then?” “I guess I should be called Gerald.”  “Alright, let me think about it. Gerald was the laborer who I helped to finish the last batch of pine tar.” “I know what it is, and I know what it would be like to be considered part of the human race, but I was never a normal laborer. I was an indentured labor, made to walk, work for the bosses, sit at the barter, eat the same damn food, drink the same fucking coffee. Gerald never had a voice, he never had a wife. All he ever wanted was to be loved and cared for. I mean, what with being a narcoleptic for three years, but he couldn't have one. He couldn't live a normal life, he couldn't be happy. He hated the same shit everyone in the world had hate. Gerald hated to be alone. He didn't hate doctors, couldn't work for the bosses, didn't love flowers, couldn't take care of his sister. Gerald hated to be *cared* about something that was going to be his last, and he didn't want to be that guy. So, he was.  “So, Gerald, what was it you needed to make it in this world? Being different was good, but everyone else was boring. Everyone else, you were good, sure, but everyone else felt the same. How could you love someone that was boring? You were not the same! Why did you think that it was the same guy? Gerald thought of all the people you loved, and each person he did not understand, and they did not care. When you had gone mad, you had concocted a new plat; someone who would be happy, but would not feel fulfilled. How could you love someone that was boring because of everything they did?” “Gerald, I can’t do this anymore. I’m done. I’m not done being testing people, trying to get them to do what they ought to be doing. I’m not done being happy. And I’m not done being hurt. I’m not done being hurt because of the things I’ve done, because of the people I’ve hurt. It’s time for me to walk the earth.” “I want to do it, already. I’m ready.” “You should have seen the injuries on your wrists. You should have seen the scratches on your ankles. You should have seen the bruises on your wrists.” “You should have seen all the injuries on my hands. You should have seen all the nightmares. You should have seen all the anger I was capable of causing. You should have seen all the rage I
