Half blood prince and I haven't seen them since I was young. It seems my men are better off running away from everything, so I've been left, to guard the kingdom. I've just kept the guards posted and I'm still getting wounded, but the bloodlines are better than a few guards, so it's true.The air is black as I step out of my cave, I close my eyes, and as I do, the last thing I hear is my wife's whisper in my ear, "Come out and play." I kneel down in front of the throne I had laid chained to, slowly moving forward. I open my eyes, and I see my beautiful wife, the bloods spilled on her words, and I feel... like a man. I'm a man to her. I roll my eyes and try to get a grip on myself. She's too young to be fooling around. She's just a whore. "What is it? What's going on?" She's so busy playing around in the dirt. I'm so confused as to how she can hear me. "Nothing." My voice cracks, but I manage to regain control. "You're wilty!" She walks around my throne, the whole court looks on. I look into the eyes of my wife, they're empty. I look into my eyes, I look back into the world of my wife. It's a world of pain and suffering. "What do you want this pain to for?" I was the last person to move when I heard the voice again. She speaks again, but it sounds dull. "Run, you're smart as a cat. Give me some time to warm up." My heart is full of energy and I clench my fists. I give her a pat on the back before I do so again. I open my eyes and take a breath. I'm so tired. I closed my eyes before I could think. I closed my eyes, and just before I knew it, I felt my brain fight to form new thoughts. I close my eyes again and open them further, the door opens. I step out into the hallway and look around the room. I see guards, workers, and people standing at the end of the room. They're blocking the door to my throne room. I walk towards it, and then I hear the sound again, "Hey, it's a girl, let's go." I turn around to find her staring me dead in the eyes. She whispers, "There, it's a boy, he's screaming and screaming and screaming," and walks out the room.I sit down on my throne and look over at her. "H-hello," I say. "Tell me, is she a girl?" "Yeah," she said. "A girl." She smiled. "How do I look?" She nodded. "She's a girl." She was getting increasingly annoyed. "What's wrong?" I asked."She's a 16, she has a scar on her face, and she's screaming because of that." She was getting annoyed. "How... how do I tell her?""I didn't mean to break the rules." I'm confused as it turns out. I don't think anyone believed me when I told her that there was a 16 year old screaming girl who can't see me. She told me that she found it shocking that a 16 could see someone, and even if she didn't believe that I was crazy, she did. I was able to convince her that she must be crazy.For the past week, I have been trying to give my wife a new purpose. I am teaching kids in our Family Village, which is located in the city of San Francisco. Our Village grows up in East San Francisco, a small cluster of about 3.5 miles from the nearest metropolitan area. Our Village also grows up in the neighboring State, meaning that our Children's Village grows within 2
