Hello everyone,” said Dumbledore, as they left the Great Hall. “I must be the first to admit that I sometimes feel like a teacher. I am not often like Professor Slughorn. And that’s something.” He sighed. “I am not often like Professor Slughorn.” “Yes, it is very strange,” said Hermione in a very deep voice. “I think I will have a look around for Ron next time — be warned.” She hurried away. “You are allowed to walk into the office,” said Dumbledore, as Mrs. Weasley opened her trophy cabinet. “You can talk to me. I will tell you everything. But the one I want to know is you.” Page | 472 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire - J.K. Rowling “I don’t want to talk to him,” said Harry. “He is my best friend, and I want to be perfectly sure that in fact I did not tell him at all.” “Well, you’re the best friend anyone could ask for,” said Dumbledore. “I know that you do not object to Slughorn interrogating you?” “Well, as I have already indicated, I do,” said Harry. “And you do not object to being asked to join Slughorn’s party?” “Oh, no,” said Dumbledore, with a most agreeable smile. “I have, however, invited Madame Maxime to come with me.” “But why can’t I?” said Harry, with a feeling of great bitterness. “I object to Slughorn taking over the House? It would be too dangerous.” “I know,” said Dumbledore, with a long, happy sigh. “Too risky. Madame Maxime would not want — ” “Good gracious! You’re from that house, that Muggle, who wishes he were here!” said Harry loudly. “I did not ask you for your name, Harry!” “My mother works in the law office!” said Dumbledore, beaming at him. “Well, you do look a bit like your father, Harry,” said Harry. Dumbledore smiled. “He is not dangerous, naturally, though — or, as I must call him, ” said Dumbledore. “He sleeps on the spot, in his cupboard on the stairs, where he is properly trained.” “Like you say,” said Harry, an odd expression crossed his face. Page | 473 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire - J.K. Rowling “Whereas the Scourgus showed him how to remove poisons without touching the victims,” said Dumbledore. “And whereas Riddle was skilled at dueling, Harry — like him — preferred the open air, where there was a lot of risk-taking, and where there was a danger that the Triwizard Cup might be withdrawn.” Harry nodded. “So,” said Dumbledore, in a resigned voice. “Now, your father and I will hazard that you are both aware — as I so often say — that you have been dreaming about. The first time Voldemort had me was at dinner one evening in the common room. I guessed he had just been made Head Boy. Very suspicious — and the second time — I had seen him kissing Fudge.” Harry said nothing. “I wait for the next attack to happen,” said Dumbledore. “We shall know far more fully after the third task.” Harry sat there, seething. But Dumbledore was waiting
