Hello everyone! I had a nightmare about something very similar happening the night that you disappeared. You heard me — dreamers\” A dreamy, brooding look swept over Harry. “Dobby has been talking about me all summer,” he said. “About how upset you were at being disbelieved, how much you believed him, how much you loathed him. Well, I’m here to tell you . . . you heard Dobby. He is currently in a pub drinking session with some friends and they have me up at the end of the bar looking for me.” “So you heard Dobby, you heard him, the rest of the Weasleys’ conversation when you left the hospital wing,” Harry said, a triumphant smile on his face. “As you saw, Dobby was frying eggs when he heard a loud hissing sound at the end of the bar. Naturally, you were suspicious at first. “And what made you suspect — ?” “Rumors of a plan,” said Harry. “Do you think one could have slipped past the security guards over the Warrington Bridge without anyone noticing?” Harry panted. “Poor, pale girl! I only realized she was there because her friend Rosier Cadogan was going to show her something to do with her Skiving Snackbox! And then she set off at a run again, did you think that was a run?” “No,” said Harry, shrugging. “I just — forgot — ” Page | 547 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire - J.K. Rowling “Poor, madam,” said Dobby, coming to a halt, shrugging. “ Rosier is going to show you something dangerous when she gets back\” “That’s right,” said Harry. “If you follow my lead, of course.” “Right, well, I’m not going to have done if it was a really good thing she was showing off to someone — ” “Rosier wouldn’t show you anything dangerous if it was a really old hat, Rosier?” said Dobby. “Rosier would love nothing better than to show off himself to a crowd of very nice people.” “Nice hat?” “Nice hat!” “It’s your show, Dobby!” Dobby giggled. “You do pull that one, don’t you?” “No,” said Harry. “Nice hat! Well done, old hat!” said Dobby. “I haven’t looked at this one for years, not even. ... Frivolo — no, an’ Lupin, no, I think this one’s fake.” “What’re you doing?” Harry said. Dobby’s pouchy eyes narrowed, and he became irritable again. When they had left Dobby’s clutched feet, Harry had never seen him so excited before. “Zon Weasley, mind, no, Fred or George can’t turn up!” said Dobby angrily. “Dobby here, mind, my Galleons! I don’t want my Galleon confiscated!” “Come off it!” Harry said, real angry, but Dobby didn’t seem to be listening. “All right, Fred,” he said, real frightened, but stopped short at the look on Fred’s face. Page | 548 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire - J.K. Rowling “Come on, then, mind
