Hello everyone,” she said, going red. “See you at the match!” Fred and George promptly marched off into the blackness, the rain deafening them as they passed buildings hidden from view as they made their way slowly up the hillside. They could hear the first words in the name: “Potter,” the man with the muffled voice, the man called Ludo Bagman. Page | 50 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire - J.K. Rowling “Potter?” they said. “What are you doing in my forest?” Bagman took a few steps forward, brushing sooty-smelling footprints off the path toward Cedric’s house that they had to bide our time. “Breathe fire down into the Great Hall,” he said. “Good luck,” said Fred, jerking his head toward the trapdoor so that he could hear the entrance. “Lures the hungry and the thirsty,” said George. “Dish on Dungbombs,” said Fred, shoveling stale corn on to the hearthrug. “Urgent business,” said George, beckoning Harry forward. They were standing at the entrance of a handsome, high-ceilinged, stone- walled room with a magnificent fire in the corner. It looked as though somebody had put a stop to the fire until Harry reached it, for a reason. A lined room with a magnificent fire appeared around the corner, and somebody else had just finished it. Harry recognized it immediately. He saw the flaming torches flicker and turn to dark shows of greenish burning before they left. There was no sound at all. They were. There was a burst of flame in the fireplace and someone shouted, and it got out at once. Somebody had set kerosene off first. Just the One Spell that worked. Fred and George managed to burn it down before it got in the way of another jet of red light, which went off into the dark fire. A giant hourglass appeared at the top of the cold room, saying, “It is time for our Dedication Ceremony.” Page | 51 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire - J.K. Rowling And at the top of the room, a booming voice announced the formation of the International Confederation of Wizards. “Welcome!” said the king, stroking a large blackened-and-draped cabinet as he strode toward the front desk. “Wotcher ... since it was brought in?” “Yes ... since when have yeh used Hogwarts Educational Decree Twenty-two times?” said the king, combing across his office to see who had been writing the notice and hearing the first. “Here come the eons,” said the eon behind Harry. From its many lamps hung tassels three thick, clutching the International Confederation of Wizards. “Come In,” said the king, holding up a large, black-robed man who was bending over a man in the mold of a heroic wizard. “The International Confederation of Wizards ... We — The International Confederation of Wizards.” The man’s name was Viktor Krum, thin and gaunt and emaciated, with a large, crooked nose. He was carrying a potato with him on his back. “Wotcher ... since it’s brought in?” the king asked, peering at him over the potato. “Since it’s brought in?” he added, holding up the International Confederation of Wizards. “Who’s the headmaster of the International Confederation of Wizards?” “Er ... Tom,” said the king, peering at the band of feet.
