Welcome to University of Limerick, it seems. Remember to pick up your fees for the upcoming term and I'll be in my van to pick you up." I don't remember this part yet. Thommy leads me down a straight hallway towards the dorm. He's a tall dark mass with the big bushy eyebrows. He picks me up and reminds me to get my course sorted. I've been stuck to the floor this whole term after they moved us in. "Heh, physicists going into post-mesa slump?"He waves a hand at me. "This place is perfect. Lab coat, ergonomic support, a ton of exercise, and you'll be at home half the time! Don't think about coming out." We're sitting on a wonderfully plush sleeping mattress, in what appears to be a mock medieval wing. It has a low ceiling, and a gutter across the back, likely for the hapless passers-by. We're on our third day in the dorm. He tells me there's going to be an opening for term speakers soon, and that I've got a spot in the assembly of senior students. "I know it's not your first week in here, but try to get sorted. Everyone has a spot here, whether you're a sophomore or an early enrollee. Feel free to apply." He's waving me off. I make my way through the hallways. There's a menu of breakfast foods, cupcakes, and pancakes. "You know what? The office cafeteria is *exactly* like I imagined."Skips the coffee. I'm hungry. "Look, give it time. I'm going to take a nap first, and then I'm back to class in an hour. Yeah, right." He waves to me through the windows. "Yes, yes," he agrees, and Kristin walks out of the doorways. I'm about to take a nap when he walks back in. "I know when you're ready, don't worry." He gives his elbow a hug, and walks me towards the door. "Don't forget your lessons. You were always so good." He leads me out of the door. "Yeah, I'm sorry, they don't seem to get a lot of you."I look at the few of the kids who have made it through. The ones who make it through are already making it back to class, and I'm in a tough position. Fastest 200? No contest. "Do the reps set the rules?" I ask, but the question won't come from him. It's first to 25th and I'm already under a fraction. "No, he's the first to the bordem. There's a lot of power in that position." He's right, but his point is shaky. He's only been here for 15 minutes now. "And the knowledge department? That's where we'll be starting from. We may be a bit tougher than the average school, but you'll be more prepared." He beams me a smile and I feel warm under his arm. "You'll also get a personal trainer. Each school year, you'll come to the gym and do your own training. You'll also be responsible for getting a new tattoo." I take a few steps to the counseling office and my mind is ahead of me. "The rest is up to you." He sets a date on a piece of paper and passes through a window. When he emerges, I help him walk back into the room. "There are a lot of different factors that go into getting a tattoo, and you'll be responsible for making sure... you're not one of those kids who just go through it of their own volition." Kristin comes around the corner. "There are lots of different blogs, too." "And you really can't expect to just get a tiny tattoo. They've got--signs hisaid it just takes their taste. You're going
