Welcome to University of Limerick, I've been told that you're one of the most popular students in the school, and you're one of the most intelligent. Do you think that's true?""I think it's true, I'm one of the most intelligent. I can go on and on talking about myself, my life, and my studies.""Alright, let's get to work. I have some classes to do. Mr. Wiggles, who is this Mr. Wiggles student who is so intelligent, how about you go next class, Mr. Wiggles?""The computer is Mr. Wiggles, I go next class."I'm not one of those people who knocks things over and gets them to go back into their shells. I don't like to do it, but I really do have to admit that the thought of Mr. Wiggles sitting across from me was more than enough to make me want to just go back into my shell. I walked over and gave him a friendly hug, "Hello Mr. Wiggles!""Hello, Mr. Wiggles."He turned and looked at me, "What's your name, boy?""I'm Charlie, Mr. Wiggles.""What's yours?""I want to be known as the smartest person in the world, Mr. Wiggles."I remember that kid. Well, not the kid who lived in an apartment building as far as I know. I was a little kid myself, didn't really have a family, and was adopted by an aunt who happened to be a mental health worker. It was a good life, and I never really had to worry about having friends anymore. I was still a bit shy and didn't really talk much. I was an odd kid though. I wasn't the talker type, but I had a knack for making people IRL come to the realization that they were talking to. The dance parties were a lot of fun and I loved to dance. But I never really had a chance to do so often. But now that I am old enough, I can finally go solo. I met Jack about a year or so ago on a game server. He was more into video games than anything, and was into anime, so I figured he was nerdy enough to be nerdy enough to play Star Wars. We hung out a lot, and one day, we decided to hang out at his apartment. He had a lot of anime memorabilia, so I bought him a Nintendo Switch and gave him the Switch. He said he didn't know where to start, and that he wanted to try something new. I asked him what he thought of Star Wars, and he said he loved it. I said, "I just want to know if you're gonna make it or if you're just gonna throw it away". He replied, "don't you see what I mean? Star Wars is just a game. Its not that special". I was still trying to think of what he means, when he said, "oh, that's pretty neat, but what I mean is, what is it? This new game, why don't you play it?". I was so flustered, I said, "I don't know, I'm new to this, and I don't really wanna go through the tutorial." He said, "bring me a bottle of wine and I'll show you how to unlock the game". I was so confused, that was it, I was gonna have to find a bottle of wine, and get through the tutorial. I was so excited, that I didn't even realize that the Switch was in my hands. I started to walk around the apartment, and noticed that it was a small one, and that the TV was in the corner of the room. I walked over and got it to turn on, but then I heard him, "Hey, you're awake. You haven't slept in
