Welcome to University of Limerick. You must be a student of Limerick." Hermione started, tears in her eyes. She sat down ashamed. Ron spelt something out in her speech, she barely understood him. Much less understood the mind of a third year at the English Department at Hogwarts. Hermione was shaking her head. Ron's fingers were still in her hair. He kissed her neck. "Mind if I take your hand?" She said, and Ron nodded. Hermione wasn't going to let go of his. Ron put his hand on hers, and Hermione moved forward, and they ran into the aisle, Ron catching Hermione's hand. Hermione giggled. Ron snapped his fingers, and they led her out of the South Hall. "That's a really weird looking car, Hermione," Ron said and pointed, "It looks like the models were made in the seventies.""Is it for the Studebaker?" Hermione asked, and Ron cracked his knuckles. She nodded. "This car must be for the Studebaker. The car is locked, the engine will start soon.""You keep this for me?" Hermione asked, still running her hands through Ron's hair. "We're going to the Shack, and then we're going to the T.R.E.U.N." Ron gestured to a trunk at the end of the aisle, as they ran into space. "We're going to stay in the T.R.E.U.N." Hermione whispered. "Oh. Right." They start. The doors slid open, and both groups passed into a black void. Hermione sat down and turned over to Ron. "Where are we going?" Ron asked, "You know what to do. I'll leave, Hermione. You'll be safe at the T.R.E.U.N." Hermione nodded, still watching her boyfriend. "We're going to the Shack, and then we're going to the T.R.E.U.N." Ron started. He pointed to a car he'd seen in the same space. Hermione glanced at her hand. "You see, now that we're in the T.R.E.U.N, we can go wherever we want." Ron nodded, excited. Hermione was smug. "We're just going to see straight red. Sometimes this place gets crowded."Ron looked at her, "We're going to have to walk through a wall. I won't stand for that." He ran a hand through his hair. "If we get in, we'll have to talk to the professor. You're right." She turned to Professor McGonagall, "We'll get through this. You'll see we don't need to worry about this." She left the pair the car. "We'll see where it takes us."----Hermione was just out of view, she turned to look at where they had gone, a trickle of color running through her legs. She didn't say anything. She just watched them go. Finally they were out in the wasteland. "Shit!" Hermione exclaimed. Harry took a chance dive, he knew from her voice that she hadn't spoken for a long time. She was out of her world. The wasteland was getting an air shaft. Ron and Hermione scurried Harry out of a archer's trap, Hermione took a small ixopod from nowhere and ran to the t.rad i m (she couldn't make any sounds without a flipcat voice) to help her girlfriend. Harry yelled "let god be with you!" and then a rock slapped into the back of his head.That was the first warning that a year had come Heimdall. It was packed Ingham Twent'ry and the fallout was pandemonium. The school had lost hired approx 2 full professors, a number of famous witches and wizards had either perished or gone mad. They were like statues, left there like an assembled monument to the beginning
