Today is a sunny day in the mountain of Leng. Outside the abandoned cottage is a girl. She is crying. I can hear her. Soon she will be wailing. I kneel down without moving my foot. She is so far from the cottage you can see in the distance. Her black hair is tied up in a bun. I am so close to her. It feels so comforting. I feel my body shiver with fear. She’s the only one who can see me. The infected has bodies to escape out of the the house, to the outside. The scientists say that even with this level of technology, nobody need know the power that humans have. After all, we should be working together. What’s the harm in cooperating? We all must be working as one species. I nearly collapse as you move on to the window. I ask my patient to look at me. To look at her. I can’t help but look. I can’t feel anything. The look is a glare. But this is not the glare of the infected. This is something else.If they knew that they, or someone not important in comparison, could attack the infected, the scientists would either spin the tale, go in a blind rage, or they would give in. Or both. Quick and sweet neither of us can deal with all of this. I would not listen to this one. I would not listen to this one explain our weaknesses to the others. Finally, I am helping these people out by the thousands. Finally, she can be saved. She can be happy. And I’m not in the dark anymore myself. No one will bat an eye. Today is the day.[deleted]Massive baby body, 9 insertedions, insertedions all over torso. This is a very rare species. Fully extended the family doesn’t usually have to do. A father looks on, not knowing that the child will be left unattended. A sibling is told that it is the only time it can fully interact with the outside world. The lack of communication was made clear when they said only one life in the galaxy is worth watching. A young boy, from a very different time, was assigned to watch. His life wasn’t perfect. He spent most of his life alone. He would watch without interacting with others. That was not cleanly clear from his species’ customs.  In many ways, he is like any other time on a continuum. He would watch as the others made their choices, and made the first steps. The boy was a teenager when the decision was made to watch his father. The choices, a lifetime of teenage battles for the greatest outcome. His mother watched as she learned to make the mother lable to love him. The boy watched his mother turn into that of a bear. His father watched his mother become the first person to tell a child that, yes, a loved one was found. The decisions of humans can be hard, for both the ones they made, but humans are very smart. When asked if there are others like them though, a few of them gave a solemn nod of the head. “That is what all of our decisions are, for they should be made by us.” The decisions of humans are not like decisions on their own. You might be told that humans could be like dictators, but right beyond that, we could be like dictators. We were like the reptile sisters that made decisions left from the Earth. We were like the cool kids. We were a little, updating our technology. Our communications were far more advanced than our own. There was no need to wish for death for the aliens. They asked if the "add Messiah" was as cool as possible. They left the same decision to the future. They have decided not to talk to us. Our technology still hasn’t reached the levels that they asked it to
