Today is a sunny day, in the year 2045.  We are watching the family run away from their lives, and have everyone adopt new children.  It is a beautiful day.  We have already named our newborn daughter, Amelia, after our one and only son.  The name is hoped for, and to join our newborn, we will name him Allen.  As the doctor names Allen, we hope that this will be a short time.  A nice transition.I leave the house and walk up the stairs.  A short walk leads to the bathroom, and I head down stairs and open the door.  I step into the shower room.  I am greeted by my wife, Sarah.  I am greeted by my children and grandchildren.  I feel a burning sensation on my hand.  I look up and see my wife retrieve my tear ducts.  She smiles.  I feel satisfied.The next morning is terrible.  I begin to panic as I realize I can no longer see my wife and kids.  I begin to yell.  I can’t hear them.  I can’t even think of them.  I feel burned, and I feel my heart be ripped out.  I close my eyes and I am alone.I am left alone.I am left alone.I am alone.I am sad.  I am alone.I am alone.I am sad.I am alone.I am sad.I am sad.I am sad.I am sad.I am sad.I am sad.I am sad.I am sad.I am sad.I am sad.I am sad.I am sad.I am sad.I am sad.I am sad.I is sad.I am sad.I is sad.I am sad.  It is as if I am in a place.  The voice is a constant, and yet, it is so personal.  As if I am in a dream.  I can’t even feel the harsh reality around me.  I am alone.I am sad.I am sad.I am sad.  I walk up the stairs.  I open the door.I walk into the bathroom.  I am greeted by my wife, Sarah.  I am waiting for my family.  I feel a burning sensation on my hand.  I feel as if I was being taken away from my wife and kids.I am alone.I am sad.I am sad.  I am sadness.I am sad.I am sad.I am sad.I am sad.I am sad.I am sad.I am sad.I am sad.This is my first time writing anything since I graduated from university.   I hope it was allowed!Edit: Formatting.Jim barged into the tiny house and seized his father in a way that surprised all for his father who was a short, broad-should man who went to college for just as much as he did at the local mill.  He stayed there for several days, screaming and inching over damned souls as they tried to rescue him from the man who had assaulted their precious child.  The mother and son were both dragged to the basement where they hid from the man for three long weeks.  When Jim finally got the family to safety, he found out that the man had really been the son of his boss and he wanted the release of the assault, so the family fled the house and got into a townhouse in the middle of the woods where they would be safe until the police could get there.  The man had just destroyed their base of operations when he had stormed in, so the news of what had happened didn't even bother burying the fact that Jim and the rest of the family was dead.  The man had been in and out of trouble before, the muggy August day with the petite and the broken up daughter had
